yeah
Good Iiii
bejean
dj
pm 2
Yeah yeah yeah
Because of its name, the San-in Coast Geopark tends to draw attention to the coastline.
I want to have many geospots on the mountain side
I can see the waterfall
One of them was selected as one of the 100 waterfalls in Japan
There is an operating waterfall
Noon received the highest award for the Governor of the Salt at Tourism Volunteer Presentations
The specialty guide is now
Strengthening Ueno destination increases the
Hear points
Masculine
Please take a look today and it's totally different
Should be cooked
Also go, such as
First of all, we take care of the heart of hospitality
Explanation of greeting with cherry
And I went off to see these things as important as possible
The second is we have been emphasizing the elements of no other waterfall of only solo beneath
The third and so as not to end Look only to 9 Description
Not just a description of the place but something related
I am allowed to take care of the inside story and so on
It is unusual that this waterfall can see only two kinds of holding at the same time
You can see something unusual in the beginning of Buddha 3
This is again beneficial
Then I can go close to the waterfall pot so the negative ion is a great health effect
It is especially to emphasize this kind of thing
Heisei 23 years July 10, will be made Saruo waterfall festival around the waterfall Saruo
I will judge by light talk this summer
Why not enjoy the Saruo waterfall in specialty guide together with